docs/en/stdlib/threads.md, before:

# `threads` standard library
The `threads` standard library provides an interface to perform multithreading in Voxel. This library allows a program to execute multiple functions concurrently.

## Example
This example starts two threads to call the `repeat` function concurrently with a number of arguments. The function is also called in the main thread. The main thread waits for each thread to finish before closing them.

```voxel
import io;
import threads;

function repeat(value, times) {
    for (var i = 0; i < times; i++) {
        io.println(value);
    }

    io.println("My thread ID: " + threads.getOwnThread().id);
}

var thread1 = new threads.Thread(repeat, ["Thread 1", 5]);
var thread2 = new threads.Thread(repeat, ["Thread 2", 5]);

thread1.start();
thread2.start();

repeat("Main thread", 5);

thread1.waitUntilFinished();

thread1.close();
io.println("Closed thread 1");

thread2.waitUntilFinished();

thread2.close();
io.println("Closed thread 2");
```

It is important that threads are closed with the `close` method after they have been used to free up memory.

## Reference

### `enum ThreadState`
States which a `Thread` can be in.

#### `NOT_STARTED`
The thread has not started execution yet.

#### `RUNNING`
The thread is currently running.

#### `FINISHED`
The thread has finished execution and a return value may be available.

#### `CLOSED`
The thread has been closed and is no longer able to run.

### `enum ThreadError`
Errors that methods in the `Thread` class may throw.

#### `THREAD_HAS_CLOSED`
The action cannot be performed on the thread as it has been closed.

#### `CANNOT_ENTER_STATE`
The thread cannot enter the requested state as it is either already in that state or has finished.

### `class Thread(callFunction: Function, callArgs?: List<*>)`
Create a new thread to execute a function (`callFunction`) concurrently with an optional set of arguments to pass to the function (`callArgs`). Instantiating this class does not begin executing the function right away — the `start` method must be called to begin execution. To prevent memory leaks, you must call the `close` function after you have done with a `Thread` (this is not done automatically since access to the return value may be required after execution finishes).

#### `close()`
Stop running the thread and destroy the execution context.

#### `start()`
Start running the thread or resume it if it was paused.

#### `pause()`
Pause the execution of the thread. The thread can resume execution by calling the `start` method again.

#### `id: Number`
The ID of the thread.

#### `isRunning(): Boolean`
Return `true` if the thread is running, or `false` otherwise. This will return `false` in cases where the thread is paused or has finished execution.

#### `hasFinished(): Boolean`
Return `true` if the thread has finished execution, or `false` otherwise. This will return `false` if the thread has not began execution.

#### `waitUntilFinished()`
Wait until the thread has finished execution. This method will also start the thread if it has not been started yet or resume execution if it is paused.

#### `state: ThreadState`
The current state of the thread.

### `class MainThread extends Thread`
This class represents the main thread which is created by the Voxel runtime when a program is run.

To obtain an instance of this class, call `getOwnThread`.

### `getOwnThread(): Thread`
Get an instance of the `Thread` class for the thread in which the function has been called. A `MainThread` will be returned if called in the main thread.

Commit message:

Allow executor/thread return values to be obtained

docs/en/stdlib/threads.md, after:

# `threads` standard library
The `threads` standard library provides an interface to perform multithreading in Voxel. This library allows a program to execute multiple functions concurrently.

## Example
This example starts two threads to call the `repeat` function concurrently with a number of arguments. The function is also called in the main thread. The main thread waits for each thread to finish before closing them.

```voxel
import io;
import threads;

function repeat(value, times) {
    for (var i = 0; i < times; i++) {
        io.println(value);
    }

    io.println("My thread ID: " + threads.getOwnThread().id);
}

var thread1 = new threads.Thread(repeat, ["Thread 1", 5]);
var thread2 = new threads.Thread(repeat, ["Thread 2", 5]);

thread1.start();
thread2.start();

repeat("Main thread", 5);

thread1.waitUntilFinished();

thread1.close();
io.println("Closed thread 1");

thread2.waitUntilFinished();

thread2.close();
io.println("Closed thread 2");
```

It is important that threads are closed with the `close` method after they have been used to free up memory.

## Reference

### `enum ThreadState`
States which a `Thread` can be in.

#### `NOT_STARTED`
The thread has not started execution yet.

#### `RUNNING`
The thread is currently running.

#### `FINISHED`
The thread has finished execution and a return value may be available.

#### `CLOSED`
The thread has been closed and is no longer able to run.

### `enum ThreadError`
Errors that methods in the `Thread` class may throw.

#### `THREAD_HAS_CLOSED`
The action cannot be performed on the thread as it has been closed.

#### `THREAD_NOT_FINISHED`
The action cannot be performed on the thread as it has not finished execution yet.

#### `CANNOT_ENTER_STATE`
The thread cannot enter the requested state as it is either already in that state or has finished.

### `class Thread(callFunction: Function, callArgs?: List<*>)`
Create a new thread to execute a function (`callFunction`) concurrently with an optional set of arguments to pass to the function (`callArgs`). Instantiating this class does not begin executing the function right away — the `start` method must be called to begin execution. To prevent memory leaks, you must call the `close` function after you have done with a `Thread` (this is not done automatically since access to the return value may be required after execution finishes).

#### `close()`
Stop running the thread and destroy the execution context.

#### `start()`
Start running the thread or resume it if it was paused.

#### `pause()`
Pause the execution of the thread. The thread can resume execution by calling the `start` method again.

#### `id: Number`
The ID of the thread.

#### `isRunning(): Boolean`
Return `true` if the thread is running, or `false` otherwise. This will return `false` in cases where the thread is paused or has finished execution.

#### `isPaused(): Boolean`
Return `true` if the thread is paused, or `false` otherwise.

#### `hasFinished(): Boolean`
Return `true` if the thread has finished execution, or `false` otherwise. This will return `false` if the thread has not began execution.

#### `waitUntilFinished()`
Wait until the thread has finished execution. This method will also start the thread if it has not been started yet or resume execution if it is paused.

#### `getReturnValue(): *`
Get the thread's return value. The thread must have finished execution before this method can be called.

#### `join(): *`
Wait until the thread has finished execution, close the thread and then return the thread's return value. This method will also start the thread if it has not been started yet or resume execution if it is paused.

#### `state: ThreadState`
The current state of the thread.

### `class MainThread extends Thread`
This class represents the main thread which is created by the Voxel runtime when a program is run.

To obtain an instance of this class, call `getOwnThread`.

### `getOwnThread(): Thread`
Get an instance of the `Thread` class for the thread in which the function has been called. A `MainThread` will be returned if called in the main thread.
